Project Gutenberg's "Crazy Daisy" Boutique, Vol. No. 5, by Anonymous

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most
other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of
the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org.  If you are not located in the United States, you'll have
to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook.

Title: "Crazy Daisy" Boutique, Vol. No. 5

Author: Anonymous

Release Date: May 28, 2020 [EBook #62264]

Language: English

Character set encoding: UTF-8

*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK "CRAZY DAISY" BOUTIQUE, VOL. NO. 5 ***




Produced by Stephen Hutcheson and the Online Distributed
Proofreading Team at https://www.pgdp.net









                        _“Crazy Daisy” Boutique_


                         VOL. NO. 5    by HERO
                                 $1.00

                                ORIGINAL
                             “CRAZY DAISY”
                                DESIGNS




                                 INDEX


                                                                    Page
  Long Daisy Bolero                                                    5
  Baby Sacque and Cap                                                  6
  Bulky Yarn Afghan                                                    8
  Crazy Daisy Shell                                                   10
  Long Skirt                                                          11
  Short Skirt                                                         11
  Mother and Daughter Dress                                    14 and 15
  Dimensional Daisy Pillow                                            15
  Striped Daisy Pillow                                                15
  Wall Hanging                                                        17
  Crocheted Afghan with Daisy Trim                                    18
  King Size Crazy Daisy Stole                                         18
  Carriage Robe                                                       19
  Daisy Trim Apron                                                    20
  Tablecloth                                                          20
  Mardi Gras Bag                                                      22
  Daisy Snood                                                         22
  Crazy Daisy Handbag                                                 22
  Crazy Daisy Cardigan                                                23




                                VOLUME 5

All directions in this book have been checked for accuracy. We cannot be
responsible for typographical errors or misinterpretation of directions.

                                   •
                               Copyright
                         SCOVILL MANUFACTURING
                                COMPANY
                             DRITZ DIVISION
                            350 Fifth Avenue
                          New York, N.Y. 10001
                                   •
                          Published in U.S.A.




                     It’s a _“Crazy Daisy”_ world!


    [Illustration: Article No. 650
    The Original Regular Size “Crazy Daisy” Winder.
    Makes Daisies up to 2″ diameter.]

    [Illustration: “CRAZY DAISY” WINDERS
    cut crochet time in half and are used to make afghans, sweaters,
    stoles, baby items, doilies, and decorative flowers.]

    [Illustration: Article No. 651
    The Original King Size “Crazy Daisy” Winder.
    Makes Daisies up to 3″ diameter.]




                     OTHER FAMOUS HERO PRODUCTS ...

  • Hero Standard Knitting Needles
  • Perfectly Formed Crochet Hooks
  • One Piece All Nylon Circular Needles
  • Over 100 Knitting Aids and Accessories

                         SCOVILL DRITZ DIVISION
                     SCOVILL MANUFACTURING COMPANY
                350 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK, N. Y. 10001




                  Helpful Hints and General Directions


HOW TO DETERMINE SIZE TO MAKE: Directions are based on standard
measurements listed below. Allowance has been made to size, stitch, yarn
and style of garment for best results. These are general body
measurements and may vary with each individual.

  SIZE         10     12     14     16

  BUST        32½″    34″    36″    38″
  WAIST        24″   25½″    27″    29″
  HIP         34½″    36″    38″    40″

Consult chart to determine size to make not overlooking the fact that
these are body measurements and not measurements of finished garment.


HOOKS, TERMS AND ABBREVIATIONS:

Crochet Hooks are made in steel, plastic and aluminum. Steel crochet
hooks range in size from 00 the largest to size 14 the smallest.
Aluminum crochet hooks range in size from C through K and plastic
crochet hooks come in the following sizes: OD, 1-2E, 3-4F, 5G, 6H, 8I,
9J. The size of needle affects the gauge and therefore the measurements
of the finished garment. It also affects the texture of the work. A
needle that is too fine for the yarn makes the garment stiff and a
needle that is too coarse makes the garment stretchy.

Tapestry Needles are large-eyed blunt pointed needles used for sewing
garments tog or embroidery.

An asterisk (*) indicates that instructions immediately following are to
be repeated the given number of times, in addition to the original.
“Repeat from * 4 times” means 5 times in all.

Even means that a row or rnd is to be worked without increasing or
decreasing.

Work means to continue in same stitch you have been working.

Directions in parentheses are repeated as often as specified. “(Ch 3, sc
in next sp of petal) 3 times” means whatever is enclosed in parentheses
is to be repeated for 3 times in all.


CROCHETING ABBREVIATIONS:

ch—chain, sc—single crochet, dc—double crochet, sdc—short double
crochet, hdc—half double crochet, trc—treble crochet, sl st—slip stitch,
dec—decrease, inc—increase, st—stitch, tog—together, rnd—round,
beg—beginning, sp—space.


TO MAKE DAISIES:

These directions can be used for the HERO Crazy Daisy Winder and for the
HERO King Size Crazy Daisy Winder.

A: Hold winder in left hand with flat side in palm of hand. Turn knob to
release spokes (see illustration A).

B: Turn winder over with knob underneath and flat side with spokes
extended facing you. Hold winder in left hand. With left thumb hold yarn
at center leaving end to extend about 1″; with right hand, pass yarn
from left to right around spoke No. 1; then across center from right to
left around spoke No. 2 directly opposite. Wrap around these 2 spokes
once more in the same manner, or as many times as desired (the number of
wraps depends upon the thickness of the yarn you will be using). Bring
yarn across center and wind from left to right around spoke No. 3; then
across center from right to left around spoke No. 4. Wrap around these 2
spokes once more, or as many times as you wrapped around spoke 1 and 2.
Bring yarn across center and wind from left to right around spoke No. 5;
then across center and from right to left around spoke No. 6. Wrap
around these 2 spokes once more or as many times as you wrapped around
spoke 1 and 2. Continue in this manner to wrap yarn around 2 spokes
directly opposite each other and then passing onto the next 2 spokes
until all spokes are wrapped, ending with spoke No. 12. Bring yarn
across center and cut leaving 1″ extended beyond center (see
illustration B). Do not remove from winder.

    [Illustration: A]

    [Illustration: B]

C: Center: Thread tapestry needle with yarn. The side facing you will be
the wrong side of the daisy. Fasten at center of wrong side as for
embroidery. Insert needle under 4 petals and draw yarn through; bring
yarn back over last 3 of the 4 petals; insert needle under these 3
petals plus 1 more, making 4 petals in all; draw yarn through. Continue
in this manner to bring yarn back 3 petals and then draw it under 4
petals each time until you have made 13 sts. Be sure to have 13 sts or
center will be incomplete. As the center sts are worked, weave around
the starting end of daisy for a few sts to fasten it securely. Fasten on
wrong side. Cut ends (see illustration C). Turn knob to draw in spokes
and release daisy.

D. Right side of daisy.

    [Illustration: C]

    [Illustration: D]

JOINING A: Picot Joining of Daisies: These directions can be used for
the Crazy Daisy Winder and for the King Size Crazy Daisy Winder. Note:
Connections for daisy have been written for a sport yarn or knitting
worsted. The number of chains used in connecting the daisies to each
other may have to be adjusted if any other type of yarn or cotton is
used.

1st BLOCK: Using crochet hook, sc in sp of petal of daisy (make sure to
take up as many of the petals as you wrapped around for each petal when
winding). * (ch 4, sc in sp of next petal) 3 times, ch 5, sl st in
side-top of last sc (picot); repeat from * twice more, ending (ch 4, sc
in sp of next petal) twice, ch 4, join with a sl st to first sc, ch 5,
sl st in side-top of last st (picot), 4 picots around. Leave a 2″ thread
and fasten off securely on back.

2nd BLOCK: Sc in sp of petal of 2nd daisy. (Ch 4, sc in sp of next
petal) 3 times, place daisy back to back to first block, ch 2, sl st in
sp of picot on first block, ch 2, sl st back into last sc on 2nd block
to complete the picot joining. (Ch 2, sl st in next ch-4 sp on 1st
block, ch 2, sc back into next petal on 2nd daisy) 3 times. Ch 2, sl st
in center of corner picot on first block, ch 2, sl st back into last sc
on 2nd block to complete picot joining. (Ch 4, sc in sp of next petal on
2nd daisy) 3 times, ch 5, sl st in side-top of last sc for a picot, (ch
4, sc in sp of next petal), twice, ending ch 4, join with a sl st to
first sc, ch 5, sl st back into last st to complete the picot. Leave a
2″ thread and fasten off securely on back.

3rd BLOCK: Join a 3rd block to another side of first block as follows:
Sc in sp of petal of 3rd daisy. (Ch 4, sc in sp of next petal) 3 times,
hold 3rd daisy back to back to first block, ch 2, sl st in sp of picot
on first block, ch 2, sl st back in last sc on 3rd block, (ch 2, sl st
in next sp on first block, ch 2, sc back into next petal on 3rd block) 3
times, ch 2, sl st in center st between the 2 picots that join the first
and second block, ch 2, sl st in last sc on 3rd block, (ch 4, sc in sp
of next petal) 3 times, ch 5, sl st in side-top of last sc (picot), (ch
4, sc in sp of next petal) twice, ch 4, join with a sl st to first sc,
ch 5, sl st in last st to form a picot. Leave a 2″ thread and fasten off
securely on back.

4th BLOCK: Join to one side of 3rd and one side of 2nd block as follows:
Sc in sp of a petal of 4th daisy. (Ch 4, sc in sp of next petal) 3
times. Hold 4th daisy back to back to 3rd block, ch 2, sl st in sp of
picot on 3rd block, ch 2, sl st in last sc on 4th block to complete
picot joining. (Ch 2, sl st in next sp on 3rd block, ch 2, sc back into
next petal on 4th block) 3 times, ch 2, sl st in center of the 3 joined
picots that connect blocks 1, 2 and 3, ch 2, sl st back into last sc on
4th block (this completes a 4 picot joining). (Ch 2, sl st in next sp on
2nd block, ch 2, sc back into sp of next petal on 4th block) 3 times, ch
2, sl st in sp of picot on 2nd block, ch 2, sl st back into last sc on
4th block to complete picot joining. (Ch 4, sc in sp of next petal on
4th daisy) twice, ch 4, join with a sl st to first sc, ch 5, sl st back
into last st worked to complete picot. Leave a 2″ thread and fasten off
securely on back. Continue to make and join daisies for desired shape
and size in this manner.


TO JOIN DAISIES WITH PICOT JOINING

    [Illustration: Joining A]

    [Illustration: Joining B]

JOINING B: 1st BLOCK: Rnd 1: With hook, sc in sp of petal (make sure to
take up as many of the petals as you wrapped around for each petal when
winding), * ch 4, sc in sp of next petal; repeat from * around, end ch
4, join with a sl st to first sc. Rnd 2: Sc in first sp, * (ch 4, sc in
next sp) 3 times, ch 5, sl st back into sc to form a picot; repeat from
* around, ending (ch 4, sc in next sp) twice, ch 4, join with a sl st to
first sc, ch 5, sl st back into sc to complete picot. Leave a 2″ thread
and fasten off securely on back.

2nd BLOCK: Rnd 1: Repeat rnd 1 of first block. Rnd 2: Sc in first sp,
(ch 4, sc in next sp) 3 times, place daisy back to back to first block,
ch 2, sl st in sp of picot on first block, ch 2, sl st back into last so
on 2nd block to complete the picot joining. (Ch 2, sl st in next ch-4 sp
on 1st block, ch 2, sc back into next ch-4 sp on 2nd block) 3 times. Ch
2, sl st in center of corner picot on 1st block, ch 2, sl st back into
last sc on 2nd block to complete picot joining. (Ch 4, sc in next ch-4
sp on 2nd block) 3 times, ch 5, sl st back into sc to form a picot, (ch
4, sc in next ch-4 sp on 2nd block) twice, ch 4, join with a sl st to
first sc, ch 5, sl st back into sc to form a picot. Leave a 2″ thread
and fasten off securely on back.

3rd BLOCK: Rnd 1: Repeat rnd 1 of first block. Join 3rd block to another
side of first block as follows: Rnd 2: Sc in first sp, (ch 4, sc in next
ch-4 sp on 3rd block) 3 times, hold 3rd block back to back to first
block, ch 2, sl st in sp of picot of first block, ch 2, sl st back into
sc on 3rd block for completion of picot joining. (Ch 2, sl st in next
ch-4 sp on first block, ch 2, sc back into next ch-4 sp on 3rd block) 3
times. Ch 2, sl st in center of joined picots of first and second block,
ch 2, sl st in sc on 3rd block to complete picot joining. (Ch 4, sc in
next sp on 3rd block) 3 times, ch 5, sl st back into sc to form a picot,
(ch 4, sc in next sp on 3rd block) twice, ch 4, join with a sl st to
first sc, ch 5, sl st in sc to complete picot. Leave a 2″ strand and
fasten off securely on back.

4th BLOCK: Rnd 1: Repeat rnd 1 of first block. Join 4th block to one
side of 3rd and one side of 2nd block as follows: Rnd 2: Sc in first sp,
(ch 4, sc in next sp of 4th block) 3 times, hold 4th block back to back
to 3rd block, ch 2, sl st in sp of picot on 3rd block, ch 2, sl st in
last sc on 4th block to complete picot joining. (Ch 2, sl st in first
ch-4 sp on 3rd block, ch 2, sc in next ch-4 sp on 4th block) 3 times, ch
2, sl st in center of the 3 joined picots that connect block 1, 2 and 3,
ch 2, sl st back into last sc on 4th block (this completes a 4 picot
joining). (Ch 2, sl st in first ch-4 sp on 2nd block, ch 2, sc in next
ch-4 sp on 4th block) 3 times, ch 2, sl st in sp of picot on 2nd block,
ch 2, sl st back into last sc on 4th block to complete picot joining.
(Ch 4, sc in next ch-4 sp on 4th block) twice, ch 4, join with a sl st
to first sc, ch 5, sl st in sc to complete picot. Leave a 2″ thread and
fasten off securely on back. Continue to make and join daisies for
desired shape and size in this manner.




                           LONG DAISY BOLERO


                                                    Shown on front cover

SIZES: Directions are for Small (size 8-10). Changes for Medium (size
12-14) are in parentheses.

MATERIALS: HERO Crazy Daisy Winder and King Size Crazy Daisy Winder.
Sport Yarn, 2 oz. pull skein, 4 (5) Royal Blue (A) and 4 (5) White (B).
HERO No. 1 steel crochet hook and tapestry needle.

GAUGE: Two connected blocks—6″.

NOTE: Shape of neck on medium size is slightly different in order to
attain proper sizing.

TO MAKE DAISIES: Make 77 (91) daisies on King Size Crazy Daisy Winder,
winding twice around spokes and sewing centers all with color A. Make 77
(91) daisies on Crazy Daisy Winder, winding twice around spokes with
color B and sewing centers with color A. See page 3 for directions to
make daisies.

1st BLOCK: Place smaller B daisy on top of A daisy and tack securely.
Rnd 1: With B, sc in space of petal, going through both loops of petal
of A daisy, ch 4, 2 hdc into sp of same petal (half corner), * (ch 1, 3
hdc in sp of next petal) 3 times, ch 1, 3 hdc back into last petal
worked in to complete a corner; repeat from *, end (ch 1, 3 hdc in sp of
next petal) twice, ch 1, 3 hdc in first petal, ch 1 and join with a sl
st to top of starting ch to complete 4th corner. Fasten off B and attach
A. Rnd 2: With A, sl st in sp of corner, * (ch 4, sl st in next sp under
ch-1 of previous rnd) 4 times, ch 5, sl st back into base of last sl st
in center of corner to form a picot; repeat from *, end with the
completion of picot in 4th corner, join with a sl st to first sl st.
Fasten off.

2nd BLOCK: Work as for first block until completion of rnd 1. Rnd 2:
With A, sl st in sp of corner, (ch 4, sl st in next sp under ch-1 of
previous rnd) 4 times, hold back to back to first block, ch 3, sl st in
sp of picot on first block, ch 3, sl st back into base sl st to complete
picot joining, (ch 4, sl st in next ch-4 sp on first block, ch 4, sl st
in next ch-1 sp on 2nd block) 4 times, ch 3, sl st in picot on first
block, ch 3, sl st back into base sl st to complete picot joining. * (Ch
4, sl st in next ch-1 sp) 4 times, ch 5, sl st back into base sl st to
complete picot; repeat from * once more, ending with the 4th picot being
worked in starting corner. Join with a sl st to first sl st. Fasten off.

3rd BLOCK: Work as for first block until completion of rnd 1. Third
block is joined to another side of first block. With A, sl st in sp of
corner, (ch 4, sl st in next sp under ch-1) 4 times, hold back to back
to first block, ch 3, sl st in sp of picot on first block, ch 3, sl st
back into base sl st to complete picot joining, (ch 4, sl st under next
ch-4 sp on first block, ch 4, sl st under next ch-1 sp on 3rd block) 4
times, ch 3, sl st in center between joined picots of block 1 and 2, ch
3, sl st back into base sl st to complete picot joining. *(Ch 4, sl st
under next ch-1 sp) 4 times, ch 5, sl st back into base sl st to form a
picot; repeat from * once more, ending with the 4th picot being worked
in starting corner. Join with a sl st to first sl st. Fasten off.

4th BLOCK: Work as for first block until completion of rnd 1. Fourth
block is joined to one side of block 3 and one side of block 2. Rnd 2:
With A, sl st in sp of corner, (ch 4, sl st in next ch-1 sp) 4 times,
hold back to back to third block, ch 3, sl st in sp of picot on third
block, ch 3, sl st back in base st to complete picot joining, (ch 4, sl
st under next ch-4 sp on third block, ch 4, sl st under next ch-1 sp on
4th block) 4 times, ch 3, sl st in center of the 3 joined picots, ch 3,
sl st back into base sl st to complete a 4 picot joining, (ch 4, sl st
under next ch-4 sp on 2nd block, ch 4, sl st under next ch-1 sp on 4th
block) 4 times, ch 3, sl st in sp of picot on 2nd block, ch 3, sl st
back in base sl st to complete picot joining, (ch 4, sl st under next
ch-1 sp) 4 times, ending in first corner, ch 5, sl st in base sl st to
form 4th picot, join with a sl st to first sl st. Fasten off. Join all
blocks in this manner.

BODY: Join 5 rows of 11 (13) blocks across to underarm (this includes
right front, back and left front). RIGHT FRONT: Connect 2 rows of 2 (3)
blocks for right front onto body. For medium size only, leave off 1
block at front edge for neck. For both sizes, connect 1 more row of 2
blocks. BACK: Leave off the 3rd (4th) block from right front edge for
armhole and for the 6th row of back, connect next 5 blocks across back.
Add 1 more row of 5 blocks for back armhole. LEFT FRONT: Leave off the
3rd (4th) block from left front edge for armhole and work to correspond
to right front. Connect blocks from fronts to back for shoulders,
leaving out center block on back for neck.

FINISHING: Block lightly on wrong side. TRIM: Row 1: Attach B at lower
right front corner and sc under ch-4 sp, * ch 4, sc in next sp (1
pattern); repeat from * along right front edge, around neck, along left
front edge and across lower edge, placing 2 patterns in each corner,
ending join with a sl st to first sc (see that work lies flat). Row 2:
With B, * ch 4, sc in next sp; repeat from * around all edges worked on
row 1, placing 2 patterns in each corner, ending join with a sl st. Row
3: With B, ch 4, 2 dc in first sp, ch 1, * 3 dc in next sp, ch 1; repeat
from * around all edges, placing 2 patterns in each corner, ending join
with a sl st to top of starting ch (check to see that work lies flat).
Fasten off B. Attach double strand A, and work backwards (counter
clockwise) as follows: * Ch 1, hdc in next ch-1 sp (1 pattern); repeat
from * around all edges, placing 2 patterns in each corner. Join with a
sl st and fasten off.

ARMHOLE TRIM: Work same as for trim around edges of bolero.




                          BABY SACQUE AND CAP


                                                         Shown on page 7

SIZE: 6 mo. to 1 yr.

MATERIALS: HERO Crazy Daisy Winder. Sport Yarn, 2 oz. pull skein, 3 Mint
Green (A) and 1 White (B). HERO No. 1 steel crochet hook and No. C
aluminum crochet hook. Tapestry needle. 1 yd ½″ wide satin ribbon.

TO MAKE DAISIES: Make 62 daisies (57 for sacque, 5 for cap) following
directions on page 3. Use A for petals and B for sewing centers, winding
A 3 times around each spoke.


                                 SACQUE

CONNECTING DAISIES: With B and No. 1 steel crochet hook, sc in sp of a
petal (go through 3 loops of petal), * ch 3, yo and pick up a loop in
first ch, yo pull through 2 loops (2 loops remain on hook), yo pick up a
loop back in same first ch (4 loops on hook), yo pull through all 4
loops (cluster), sc in sp of next petal; repeat from *, end join with a
slip st to first sc (12 clusters). Fasten off. Crochet around all 62
daisies with B in this manner.

FIRST BLOCK: Attach A, with No. 1 crochet hook, sc in back loop of sc of
B cluster on previous rnd, * (ch 4, sc in back loop of sc of next B
cluster of previous rnd) 3 times, ch 5, slip st back into base sc to
form a picot; repeat from * around end (ch 4, sc in back loop of sc of
next B cluster) twice, ch 4, join with a sl st to first sc, ch 5, slip
st into base sc to complete the 4th picot. Fasten off.

SECOND BLOCK: Attach A and sc in back loop of sc of B cluster, (ch 4, sc
in back loop of sc of next cluster) 3 times. Place daisy back to back
with first block, ch 2, slip st in sp of picot of first block, ch 2,
slip st back into base sc to complete picot joining, (ch 2, slip st in
first space of first block, ch 2, sc in back loop of sc of next B
cluster on 2nd block) 3 times, ch 2, slip st in picot of first block, ch
2, slip st back into base sc to complete picot joining, (ch 4, sc in
back loop of sc of next B cluster) 3 times, ch 5, slip st in base sc to
complete picot, (ch 4, sc in back loop of sc of next B cluster) twice,
ch 4, join with a slip st to first sc, ch 5, slip st back into base sc
to complete 4th picot. Fasten off.

THIRD BLOCK: The third block is joined to another side of the first
block. With A, sc in back loop of sc of B cluster on previous rnd, (ch
4, sc in back loop of sc of next B cluster) 3 times. Hold daisy back to
back to first block, ch 2, slip st in picot of first block, ch 2, slip
st back into base sc to complete picot joining, (ch 2, slip st in first
space on first block, ch 2, sc in back loop of sc of next B cluster on
3rd daisy) 3 times, ch 2, slip st in center between 2 picots, ch 2, slip
st back into base sc to complete picot joining, (ch 4, sc in back loop
of sc of next B cluster) 3 times, ch 5, slip st back into base so to
complete picot, (ch 4, sc in back loop of sc of next B cluster) twice,
ch 4, join with a slip st to starting sc, ch 5, slip st back into base
sc to complete picot. Fasten off.

FOURTH BLOCK: The fourth block is joined to one side each of both the
2nd and 3rd blocks. Attach A and sc in back loop of sc of B cluster, (ch
4, sc in back loop of sc of next B cluster) 3 times, place daisy back to
back with 3rd block, ch 2, slip st in picot on 3rd block, ch 2, slip st
back into base sc on 4th block to complete picot joining, (ch 2, slip st
in next space on 3rd block, ch 2, sc in back loop of sc of next B
cluster on 4th daisy) 3 times, ch 2, slip st in center of the 3 joined
picots, ch 2, slip st back into base sc to complete the 4th picot at the
joining, (ch 2, slip st in next space on 2nd block, ch 2, sc in back
loop of sc of next B cluster on 4th daisy) 3 times, ch 2, slip st in
picot on 2nd block, ch 2, slip st back into base sc to complete picot
joining, (ch 4, sc in back loop of sc of next B cluster) twice, ch 4,
join with a slip st to first sc, ch 5, slip st back into base sc to
complete 4th picot. Fasten off.

BODY: Connect 3 rows of 11 blocks across.

SLEEVES: Make 2. Connect 3 rows of 4 blocks across; then join
undersleeve seam as you join the rest of the blocks.

YOKE: With C hook, A and right side facing, work 26 sc across 3 blocks
of body (right front), place a marker, work 33 sc around one sleeve,
place a marker, work 44 sc across 5 blocks of body (back), place a
marker, work 33 sc around other sleeve, place a marker, work 26 sc
across last 3 blocks (left front). Ch 1 to turn. Row 2: * 1 dc in each
st to within 2 sts from next marker, yo pull up a loop in next st, yo
pull through 2 loops leaving 2 loops on hook, yo pull up a loop in next
st, yo pull through 2 loops, yo pull through 3 loops (1 dc decreased),
slip marker, decrease 1 dc on next 2 sts; repeat from * across (8 sts
dec on row). Ch 1 to turn. Repeat row 2 for 10 times more. Fasten off.

FINISHING: With A, right side facing, No. 1 hook and starting on right
front at start of yoke, work sc along right front yoke, around neck and
along left front yoke edge, placing 3 sc at each corner of neck. Fasten
off A and attach B. Working backwards along row just completed (counter
clockwise), * ch 1, skip 1 sc, hdc in next sc; repeat from * around yoke
edges and neck. Fasten off. With double strand A, make a ch long enough
to pull through neck edge and tie. Pull ch through neck edge. End of
Tie: With A and No. 1 hook, ch 3, join with a sl st to form a ring. Rnd
1: 6 sc in ring. Rnd 2: 1 sc in each sc. Roll end of tie into cup shape
and sew tog. Block lightly.


                                  CAP

With A and No. C hook, ch 64 loosely. Row 1: Dc in 4th ch from hook, *
dc in next ch; repeat from * across, 62 dc (to measure about 10″
across). Ch 1 to turn. Row 2: 1 dc in each dc. Ch 1 to turn. Repeat row
2 for pattern st. Work even 3¾″. Next row: Leave off 20 sts, attach yarn
and work dc on center 22 sts, leaving off the last 20 sts. Work even on
the center 22 sts until piece measures the width of left off 20 sts at
each side edge. Fasten off. Sew seams placing length of center piece to
width of left off 20 sts at each side edge. Work 4 rows of sc across
back of cap taking it in on first row to measure about 9″. Connect 5
daisies across in one line as shown for cuff. Crochet lower edge of
daisies to front edge of cap with a row of sc. Tack daisies at each side
edge. Sew on ribbon for ties.

    [Illustration: Instructions for Carriage Robe on page 19.]




                           BULKY YARN AFGHAN


                                                    Shown on front cover

SIZE: Approx. 50″ × 58″.

MATERIALS: HERO Crazy Daisy Winder and HERO King Size Crazy Daisy
Winder. Bulky Knitting Worsted, 2 oz. skein, 14 Gold (A) and 13 Cardinal
Red (B). Four oz. skein of Navy Knitting Worsted (C) for centers. HERO
No. J aluminum crochet hook. Tapestry needle.

SMALL DAISY: With A, make 98 daisies on the Crazy Daisy Winder, winding
yarn around spokes twice (see page 3 and instructions included with
Crazy Daisy Winder), using C for sewing the centers.

LARGE DAISY: With B, make 97 daisies on the King Size Crazy Daisy
Winder, winding yarn around spokes twice (see page 3 and instructions
included with King Size Crazy Daisy Winder), using C for sewing the
centers.

FIRST BLOCK: Small daisy. Rnd 1: With A, sc in back loop of a petal of
small daisy leaving the top loop free, * ch 1, sc in back loop of next
petal leaving top loop free; repeat from * around, end ch 1, join with a
sl st to first sc. Rnd 2: * Ch 2, sc in next sp; repeat from * around,
end join with a slip st. Fasten off A. Rnd 3: Attach B and sc in first
sp, * ch 2, sc in next sp, ch 2, sc in next sp, ch 2, sc in next sp, ch
4, sl st back in base sc of ch for picot; repeat from * around, ending
with ch 4, sl st in base sc to form 4th picot, join with a sl st to
first sc and fasten off.

SECOND BLOCK: Large Daisy. With B, sc in double loop of a petal of large
daisy, (ch 2, sc in next double loop of petal) 3 times, hold first block
back to back with 2nd daisy, ch 2, sl st in sp of picot of first block,
ch 2, sl st back into base sc on 2nd daisy to complete picot joining.
(Ch 2, sc in first sp of first block, ch 2, sc in next double loop of
2nd daisy) 3 times, ch 2, sl st in picot of first block, ch 2, sl st
back into base sc on 2nd daisy to complete picot joining. (Ch 2, sc in
next double loop on 2nd daisy) 3 times, ch 4, sl st back into base sc to
form a picot, (ch 2, sc in next double loop of petal on 2nd daisy)
twice, ch 2, join with a sl st to first sc, ch 4, sl st back into base
sc to form 4th picot. Fasten off securely.

THIRD BLOCK: Join a large daisy for third block to another side of first
block. With B, sc in double loop of a petal of 3rd daisy, (ch 2, sc in
next double loop of petal of 3rd daisy) 3 times, hold 3rd daisy back to
back to first block, ch 2, sl st in sp of picot of first block, ch 2, sl
st back into base sc on 3rd daisy to complete picot joining. (Ch 2, sc
in first sp of first block, ch 2, sc in next double loop of petal of 3rd
daisy) 3 times, ch 2, sl st in center between the 2 joined picots of
first and second blocks, ch 2, sl st back into base sc on 3rd daisy. (Ch
2, sc in next double loop on 3rd daisy) 3 times, ch 4, sl st back into
base sc to form a picot, (ch 2, sc in next double loop of petal) twice,
ch 2, join with a sl st to first sc, ch 4, sl st back into base sc to
form 4th picot. Fasten off securely.

FOURTH BLOCK: Join a small daisy to one side each of 2nd and 3rd blocks
as follows: With A, work rnd 1 and rnd 2 as explained for first block.
Rnd 3: Attach B and sc in first sp. * (Ch 2, sc in next sp) 3 times,
hold 4th daisy back to back to 3rd block, ch 2, sl st in picot on 3rd
block, ch 2, sl st back in base ch on 4th daisy to complete picot
joining. (Ch 2, sc in first sp on 3rd block, ch 2, sc back in next sp on
4th block) 3 times, ch 2, sl st in center of picots, ch 2, sc back into
base sc on 4th block (completion of a 4th picot at joining). (Ch 2, sc
in next sp on 2nd block, ch 2, sc in next sp on 4th daisy) 3 times, ch
2, sl st in picot of 2nd block, ch 2, sl st back into base sc on 4th
daisy (completion of connection picot), (ch 2, sc in next sp on 4th
daisy) twice, ch 2, join with a sl st to first sc, ch 4, sl st back into
base sc to form the 4th picot. Fasten off securely. Connect daisies in
this manner, alternating a small and large daisy until there are 13
daisies across for width and 15 rows for length.

FINISHING: Block lightly on wrong side. Attach A at corner, with right
side facing and working backwards (counter clockwise), ch 1, sc in
corner space, * ch 1, sc in next space; repeat from * around always
working 2 patterns in each corner and ending with 1 pattern in the
starting corner. Join with a sl st and fasten off.

    [Illustration: Shown are several types of daisies and joinings used
    in making the garments in this book. Also shown are some suggestions
    for variations that can be made with the Hero “Crazy Daisy” Winder
    and the Hero King Size “Crazy Daisy” Winder.]




                           CRAZY DAISY SHELL


                                               Shown here and on page 13

    [Illustration: Shell and skirt]

SIZES: Directions are for size 8. Changes for sizes 10-12, 14-16 and
18-20 are in parentheses.

MATERIALS: HERO Crazy Daisy Winder. Sport Yarn, 2 oz. pull skein, 5
(6-7-8) Ecru (A) and 2 (2-3-3) Burnt Orange (B). HERO No. 1 steel
crochet hook and tapestry needle.

GAUGE: Two connected daisies—4″.

TO MAKE DAISIES: See page 3 for directions for making daisies. Make
petals in A and sew centers with B. Wind A twice around each spoke. Make
144 (165-198-219) daisies.

TO CONNECT DAISIES: See page 4 for JOINING B. Work rnd 1 of joining with
B; then work rnd 2 with A. Connect 16 (18-20-22) daisies all around for
body of shell. Connect 7 rnds of daisies for length to underarm.

BACK: Divide work in half allowing 8 (9-10-11) daisies for back and 8
(9-10-11) daisies for front. Leave off 1 daisy at each end for underarm,
6 (7-8-9) daisies. Connect 3 (3-4-4) rows of 6 (7-8-9) daisies for back
armhole. For size 10-12, next row, connect 1 daisy, leave off next 5
daisies for neck, connect 1 daisy.

FRONT: Leave off 1 daisy at each end for underarm, 6 (7-8-9) daisies.
Connect 2 (2-3-3) rows of 6 (7-8-9) daisies for front armhole. SHAPE
NECK: Connect 1 daisy, leave off center 4 (5-6-7) daisies for neck,
connect 1 daisy. Connect front shoulder to back.

FINISHING: Block lightly. LOWER TRIM: Attach A at seam edge, * ch 3
loosely, sc in next sp; repeat from * around (be sure work lies flat and
doesn’t draw in). Next row: Working backwards (counter clockwise), ch 1,
hdc in space, * ch 1, hdc in next space; repeat from * around. Join with
a slip st and fasten off.

NECK TRIM: Rnd 1: Attach A yarn at shoulder, * ch 3 loosely, sc in next
space; repeat from * around (see that work lies flat and doesn’t draw
in). Rnd 2: * Ch 2, sc in next space; repeat from * around. Rnd 3: * Ch
1, sc in next space; repeat from * around. For sizes 10-12, work 1 or 2
more rnds as for rnd 3 to fill in neck if necessary. Next rnd: Work as
for last rnd as on lower edge. Fasten off.

ARMHOLE TRIM: Attach A yarn at underarm. Rnd 1: * Ch 3, sc in next sp;
repeat from * around. Rnd 2: Repeat rnd 1 (see that work takes in
armhole slightly and shapes it). Next rnd: Work as for last rnd as on
lower edge. Fasten off.




                               LONG SKIRT


                                                Shown on pages 10 and 13

NOTE: Directions for short skirt are included in these directions.

SIZES: Directions are for Small (size 8-10). Changes for Medium (size
12-14) are in parentheses.

MATERIALS: HERO Crazy Daisy Winder. Sport Yarn, 2 oz. pull skein, 10
(11) Hot Pink (A) and 1 skein of Purple (B). HERO No. 1 steel crochet
hook and No. C aluminum crochet hook. Tapestry needle. Skirt zipper, lt.
weight lining fabric and 2 hooks and eyes.

GAUGE: Two connected blocks—7″.

Note: Use No. 1 steel crochet hook to crochet around daisies and connect
blocks. Use No. C aluminum crochet hook for lower border and waistband.

TO MAKE DAISIES: See directions on page 3 for making daisies. Make 108
(126) daisies with A, winding 3 times around each spoke and sewing
center with double strand B.

FIRST BLOCK: Rnd 1: With wrong side of daisy facing, with A, sc in petal
of daisy (go in space through the 3 loops of petal), * ch 5, yo and pull
up a loop in first ch, yo pull through 2 loops and leave 2 loops on
hook, yo pull up a loop in first ch (same as first st), yo pull through
2 loops, yo pull through 3 loops, sc in next petal (cluster); repeat
from * around (12 clusters). Join with a sl st to first sc. Turn. Rnd 2:
Ch 5, sc in back of st between next 2 clusters, * ch 4, sc in back of st
between next 2 clusters; repeat from *, end ch 4, join with a sl st (12
spaces). Rnd 3: Sc in first sp, ch 5, dc in first sp (half corner), *
(ch 2, 2 dc in next sp) 3 times, ch 2, 2 dc back into last sp worked in
to complete corner; repeat from * twice more, end (ch 2, 2 dc in next
sp) twice, ch 2, 2 dc in first sp, ch 2, join with a sl st to top of
starting ch to complete other half of corner. Rnd 4: Ch 5, dc back into
corner sp for a half corner, * (ch 2, 2 dc in next sp) 4 times, ch 2, 2
dc back in last sp worked in to complete corner; repeat from * twice
more, end (ch 2, 2 dc in next sp) 3 times, ch 2, 2 dc in first sp, ch 2,
join with a sl st to top of starting ch to complete corner. Rnd 5: * (Ch
3, sc in next sp) 5 times, ch 6, sc back into last sp worked for picot;
repeat from *, end ch 6, sc back into last sp worked (4th picot). Join
with a sl st and fasten off. Crochet around the 107 (125) remaining
daisies in the same manner as for first block.

TO JOIN BLOCKS: Working with two blocks and holding them back to back,
leave picots free, sc in first ch-3 sp after a picot on block 1, ch 3,
sc in first ch-3 sp after a picot on block 2, * ch 3, sc in next ch-3 sp
on block 1, ch 3, sc in next ch-3 sp on block 2 (corresponding ch-3 sp
to ch-3 sp worked on block 1); repeat from * along this side edge to
within the picots. Fasten off securely leaving picots from block 1 and 2
free.

TO JOIN BLOCK 3: Block 3 is joined to another side of block 1. Hold
block 3 back to back to block 1. Leave picots free, sc in first ch-3 sp
after picot on block 3, ch 3, sc in first ch-3 sp on block 1, * ch 3, sc
in next ch-3 sp on block 3, ch 3, sc in next ch-3 sp on block 1
(corresponding ch-3 sp to ch-3 sp worked on block 3); repeat from *
along this side edge to within the picots. Fasten off securely leaving
picots free.

TO JOIN BLOCK 4: Block 4 is joined to one side of block 3 and one side
of block 2. Leave picots free and holding block 4 back to back to block
3, sc in first ch-3 sp after picot on block 4, ch 3, sc in first ch-3 sp
on block 3; * ch 3, sc in next ch-3 sp on block 4, ch 3, sc in next ch-3
sp on block 3; repeat from * along this edge to within picots. Fasten
off securely leaving picots free. Sc in first ch-3 sp after picot on
block 4, ch 3, sc in first ch-3 sp after picot on block 2, * ch 3, sc in
next ch-3 sp on block 4, ch 3, sc in next ch-3 sp on block 2; repeat
from * along this edge to within picots. Fasten off securely leaving
picots free. At intersection where 4 picots meet from block 1, 2, 3 and
4, join the 4 picots at center using a tapestry needle and B yarn with a
secure st (4 picots joined at center form a 4 leaf clover effect).
Fasten yarn securely.

Join 7 rows of 12 (14) blocks around. Join 2 more rows leaving an
opening on one side for zipper. Finished skirt with lower band and
waistband is about 37″ in length (there is an allowance for 1″ stretch).

LOWER BORDER: Rnd 1: With No. C hook, attach yarn and sc in a ch-3 sp.
Working backwards (counter clockwise), * ch 1, hdc in next ch-3 sp;
repeat from * around (see that work lies flat). Rnd 2: Continue to work
backwards (counter clockwise), * ch 1, hdc under ch 1 of previous rnd.
Repeat rnd 2 until border is 2″ or desired size. Fasten off.

WAISTBAND: With No. C hook, work 2 rows of sc around waistline, taking
it in to measure 25″ (26½″) or desired waist size. Row 1: Working
backwards (counter clockwise), ch 1, hdc in next st, * ch 1, skip 1, hdc
in next st; repeat from * across, end hdc, ch 1 on turn. Row 2: Hdc in
first sp under ch-1 of previous row (continue to work backwards—counter
clockwise), * ch 1, hdc under next ch-1 of previous row; repeat from *,
end hdc in last ch-1 sp, ch 1 to turn. Repeat row 2 until waistband is
2″. Fasten off.

FINISHING: With No. 1 hook, work 1 row of sl st and 1 row of sc around
zipper opening. Block skirt lightly. Cut lining and sew tog. Stitch
lining to first row of waistband, gathering it in to size of waistband
and leaving lower edge free. Face waistband with a double strip of
lining, leaving a 1½″ extension from back edge for closing tab. Sew in
zipper. Sew on 2 hooks and eyes for closing.


                              SHORT SKIRT

MATERIALS: 8 (9) skeins color A and 1 skein color B. Work 72 (84) blocks
as for long skirt. Join blocks as for long skirt. Join 4 rows of 12 (14)
blocks around; then join 2 rows of 12 (14) blocks leaving 1 side open
for zipper. Finish as for long skirt, working a 1″ border at lower edge.
This will be about a 24″ length skirt. Adjust length by working a
shorter or longer lower border and waistband.

    [Illustration: Instructions on page 14.]

    [Illustration: Instructions for Shell on page 10.
    Instructions for Long Shirt on page 11.
    Instructions for the same skirt in a street length on page 11.]




                       MOTHER AND DAUGHTER DRESS


                                                        Shown on page 12

SIZES: MOTHER: Directions are for Small (size 10-12). Changes for Medium
(size 14-16) are in parentheses.

DAUGHTER: Directions are for Small (size 6-8). Changes for Medium (size
10-12) are in parentheses.

MATERIALS: MOTHER: 4 Ply Knitting Worsted, 4 oz. skein, 6 (8) Green (A)
and 2 ozs. of Pink (B) for trim. DAUGHTER: 4 Ply Knitting Worsted, 4 oz.
skein, 3 (4) Pink (B), 2 ozs. of Green (A) for trim. HERO No. 17
knitting needles, OR SIZE REQUIRED TO OBTAIN THE GIVEN STITCH GAUGE.
HERO Crazy Daisy Winder and No. 0 steel crochet hook. Tapestry needle.
14 Button molds for mother and 9 button molds for daughter.

GAUGE: 3 strands on No. 17 needles: 5 sts—2″.


                                 MOTHER

PATTERN No. 1: Row 1: * k 3; p 1; repeat from * across. Row 2: * k 1, p
3; repeat from * across. Row 3: K 2, * p 1, k 3; repeat from *, end p 1,
k 1. Row 4: P 1, * k 1, p 3; repeat from *, end k 1, p 2. Row 5; K 1, *
p 1, k 3; repeat from *, end k 2. Row 6: P 2, * k 1, p 3; repeat from *,
end k 1, p 1. Row 7: * P 1, k 3; repeat from * across. Row 8: * P 3, k
1; repeat from * across. Repeat these 8 rows for pattern 1.

PATTERN No. 2: Row 1: * P 1, k 3; repeat from * across. Row 2: * P 3, k
1; repeat from * across. Row 3: K 1, * p 1, k 3; repeat from *, end p 1,
k 2. Row 4: P 2, * k 1, p 3; repeat from *, end k 1, p 1. Row 5: K 2, *
p 1, k 3; repeat from *, end p 1, k 1. Row 6: P 1, * k 1, p 3; repeat
from *, end k 1, p 2. Row 7: * K 3, p 1; repeat from * across. Row 8: *
K 1, p 3; repeat from * across. Repeat these 8 rows for pattern 2. Note:
Use 3 strands of yarn tog unless otherwise specified.

BACK: With 3 strands A and No. 17 needles, cast on 48 (56) sts. Work
first 24 (28) sts in pattern 1, place a marker on needle, work next 24
(28) sts in pattern 2. Work even as established for 18″ from beg. Dress
is planned for 29″ length to underarm. Any changes in length should be
made before the first dec row. Dec 1 st each end of next row; then every
3″ (2½″) for 2 (3) times more, 42 (48) sts. Work even until 29″ from beg
or desired length to underarm. SHAPE ARMHOLES: Bind off 2 sts at beg of
next 2 rows. Dec 1 st each end every other row twice, 34 (40) sts. BACK
OPENING: Work 17 (20) sts and place on a holder, work on remaining 17
(20) sts. Work even in pattern as established until armhole is 6¾″
(7¼″). SHAPE SHOULDER: At arm edge, bind off 5 sts once; then 4 (5) sts
once, 8 (10) sts. Bind off remaining sts loosely. Attach 3 strands at
center opening and work other side to correspond.

FRONT: Work same as for back until completion of armhole shaping, 34
(40) sts. Work even until armholes are 5″ (5½″). SHAPE NECK: Work 11
(13) sts and place on a holder, bind off center 12 (14) sts loosely,
work 11 (13) sts. At neck edge, dec 1 st every other row 2 (3) times.
Work even to shoulder shaping as for back. SHAPE SHOULDER: At arm edge,
bind off 5 sts once; then 4 (5) sts. Attach 3 strands of yarn at neck
edge and work other side to correspond.

FINISHING: Make 14 daisies on the Crazy Daisy Winder in B as follows:
With left thumb hold yarn at center allowing end to extend 1″. With
right hand pass yarn from left to right around spokes No. 1 and No. 2,
across center from right to left around No. 7 and No. 8; repeat last
wind twice more; across center and pass yarn from left to right around
spokes No. 2 and No. 3, across center from right to left around No. 8
and No. 9; repeat last wind twice more; across center from left to right
around spokes No. 3 and No. 4, across center from right to left around
No. 9 and No. 10; repeat last wind twice more; across center and pass
yarn from left to right around spokes No. 4 and No. 5, across center
from right to left around No. 10 and No. 11; repeat this last wind twice
more, across center from left to right around spokes No. 5 and No. 6,
across center from right to left around No. 11 and No. 12; repeat last
wind twice more; across center from left to right around spokes No. 6
and No. 7, across center from right to left around No. 12 and No. 1;
repeat this last wind twice more. Bring yarn to 1″ beyond center and
cut. Do not remove.

    [Illustration: Crazy Daisy]

CENTER: Note that there is a hole in center after all winds are
completed. Keep left thumb in center to keep the hole in center as you
sew the center. Thread tapestry needle with B. Insert tapestry needle in
space between 2 petals working from outside to center hole (leave a
small end for fastening) and draw through, go back into same space and
draw needle from outside edge to inside to fasten; * insert needle in
next space between petals from center edge to outside edge, wind yarn
around the tapestry needle from left to right as to make a buttonhole
st, draw through and tighten; repeat from * until all petals are secured
(secure loose ends in as you are sewing around). Fasten off securely.
Remove from winder.

BUTTONS: Make 14. With single strand A, ch 3, join with a sl st to form
a ring. Rnd 1: 6 sc in ring. Rnd 2: 2 sc in each sc. Rnd 3: 1 sc in each
sc. Rnd 4: Insert mold. * Skip 1 sc, sc in next sc; repeat from * until
completely closed over mold. Fasten off. Sew shoulder and side seams
with single strand. With double strand A, work 1 row of slip st around
neck edge. Next row: Working backwards (counter clockwise), ch 1, * sc
in next st; repeat from * around neck. Fasten off. Work trim around
armhole edges as for neck. With double strand A, work 1 row of slip st
around back opening. Tack daisies along center of front edge and around
neck as shown (on neck place one at top of back opening so button can be
used for closing). Sew a button in center of each daisy as shown.


                                DAUGHTER

BACK: With 3 strands B and No. 17 needles, cast on 40 (48) sts. Work
first 20 (24) sts in pattern 1, place a marker on needle, work next 20
(24) sts in pattern 2. Work even 12″ from beg. Dress is planned for 15½″
(17″) from beg to underarm. Any changes in length should be made before
first dec. Dec 1 st each end of next row; then every 2″ (1½″) 1 (2)
times more, 36 (42) sts. Work even until 15½″ (17″) from beg or desired
length to underarm. SHAPE ARMHOLES: Bind off 2 sts at beg of next 2
rows. Dec 1 st each end every other row twice, 28 (34) sts. BACK
OPENING: Work 14 (17) sts and place on a holder; then work across
remaining 14 (17) sts. Work even until armhole is 5¼″ (5¾″). SHAPE
SHOULDER: At arm edge, bind off 4 sts once, 3 (4) sts once, 7 (9) sts.
Bind off remaining sts loosely. Attach 3 strands at center opening and
work other side to correspond.

FRONT: Work same as back until completion of armhole shaping, 28 (34)
sts. Work even until armhole is 4″ (4¼″). SHAPE NECK. Work 9 (11) sts
and place sts on a holder, bind off center 10 (12) sts, loosely, work
across the remaining 9 (11) sts. At neck edge, dec 1 st every other row
twice. For medium size only, dec 1 st at neck edge every row once, 7 (8)
sts. Work even to shoulder shaping as on back. SHAPE SHOULDER: At arm
edge, bind off 4 sts once, 3 (4) sts once. Attach 3 strands at neck edge
and work other side to correspond.

FINISHING: Make 9 daisies and 9 buttons using color A for daisies and
color B for buttons. See instructions as given for Mother’s dress.
Crochet neck, armholes and back opening with B as explained for Mother’s
dress.




                        Dimensional Daisy Pillow


                                                        Shown on page 16

MATERIALS: HERO Crazy Daisy Winder. 4 Ply Knitting Worsted, 4 oz. Skein,
2 Loden Green (A), 1 Orange (B) and 1 Maize (C). HERO No. F aluminum
crochet hook. Yarn darning needle. Pillow to fit.

TO MAKE DAISIES: Follow directions for making daisies on page 3. Make 40
daisies, winding twice around each spoke with C and then winding around
same spokes twice with B (4 winds on each spoke). Sew centers with A.

TO JOIN DAISIES: Follow directions for JOINING B (see page 4), only
picking up the B petals and leaving the C petals free. Work rnd 1 of
joining with C and rnd 2 with B. Connect 2 pieces of 4 rows of 4 daisies
across.

FRONT PIECE: Rnd 1: Attach A at a corner, ch 4, dc back in corner sp
(half corner), # * ch 1, 2 dc in next sp; repeat from * 14 times more
(this should bring you along one side edge to next corner—see that work
lies flat), ch 1, 2 dc, ch 1, 2 dc all in next corner sp #; repeat
between #’s ending with 15 patterns along 4th side, ch 1, 2 dc in
starting corner sp, ch 1 and join with a sl st to top of starting ch to
complete corner. Rnd 2: Ch 4, dc in sp of corner (half corner), # * ch
1, 2 dc in next sp; repeat from * to corner, ch 1, 2 dc, ch 1, 2 dc all
in corner sp #; repeat between #’s around, end ch 1, 2 dc in first
corner sp, ch 1, join with a sl st to top of starting ch. Repeat rnd 2
four times more or until you attain the desired size. Fasten off.

BACK: Work to correspond to front piece.

FINISHING: Place front and back tog and sl st 3 sides tog, insert pillow
and sl st 4th side tog. TRIM: Attach A, * 5 dc in one sp (pull each dc
up to ¾″), sc in next sp; repeat from * around, placing 8 dc in the
corners. Join with a sl st and fasten off. Sew a daisy to each corner on
back and front as shown.




                          Striped Daisy Pillow


                                                        Shown on page 16

MATERIALS: HERO Crazy Daisy Winder. 4 Ply Knitting Worsted, 4 oz. skein,
2 Orange (A) and 1 Maize (B). HERO No. F. aluminum crochet hook. Yarn
darning needle. Pillow to fit.

TO MAKE DAISIES: Follow directions for making daisies on page 3. Make 16
color A daisies winding yarn around spokes 4 times and sewing centers
with A. Make 56 daisies, winding yarn around spokes 4 times, alternating
colors (wind every other spoke 4 times with A; then break off A and wind
those spokes that were skipped 4 times with B) and sew centers with A.
See diagram and directions for winding this type daisy included with
instruction for Crazy Daisy Cardigan on page 23.

TO JOIN DAISIES: Follow directions for JOINING A on page 3. Use color A
for joining.

FRONT PIECE: Connect 2 rows of 8 A&B combination daisies; 1 row of A
daisies (8 across); 3 rows of A&B combination daisies; 1 row of A
daisies and 2 rows of A&B combination daisies.

BACK PIECE: Note: If desired, back piece may be worked with daisies as
for front piece, or crocheted with A.

CROCHETED BACK: With A, ch long enough to fit width of front piece. Row
1: Dc in 4th ch from hook, * dc in next ch; repeat from * across. Ch 3
to turn. Row 2: Ch 3 on turn is counted as first dc, * dc in next dc;
repeat from * across. Ch 3 to turn. Repeat row 2 until piece measures
size of front piece.

FINISHING: Place 2 pieces tog and sl st 3 sides tog, insert pillow and
sl st 4th side tog. Using double strand A, attach yarn at a corner and
working backwards (counter clockwise), * ch 1, skip 1, hdc in next st (1
pattern); repeat from * around, placing 2 patterns in each corner.
Fasten off.

    [Illustration: Afghan, wall hanging, and pillows]




                              WALL HANGING


                                                        Shown on page 16

MATERIALS: HERO Crazy Daisy Winder. 4 Ply Knitting Worsted, 4 oz. skein,
1 Maize (A), 1 Orange (B) and 1 Loden Green (C). HERO No. G aluminum
crochet hook. Yarn darning needle. Illustration board 18″ x 24″, 1 yd of
brown heavy denim or canvas material, picture frame to fit, points to
tack illustration board to frame and picture wire.

Cover illustration board with fabric, securing it firmly on back with
heavy scotch tape or glue.

TO MAKE DAISIES: Follow basic instructions for making daisies on page 3.
Make 16 daisies winding color A twice around each spoke; then winding
around same spoke twice with color B. Sew centers with C (type D daisy).
Make 4 daisies winding every other spoke 3 times with A; then winding
those spokes that were skipped 3 times with B. Sew centers with B (type
E daisy).

B PETAL BACKGROUND: Make 5. With B and No. G hook, ch 3, join with a
slip st to form a ring. Rnd 1: Ch 3, 15 dc in ring (bring each dc up to
measure 1″). Join with a slip st to top of ch 3. Rnd 2: Ch 1, sc in
first space between 2 dc * 6 dc in next space (each dc 1″), sc in next
space between 2 dc; repeat from * around, end 6 dc in last space. Join
with a slip st and fasten off. Sew an E type daisy to center of 3 B
petal backgrounds. Sew a D type daisy to center of 2 B petal
backgrounds.

C SHELL: Make 2. With C, ch 3, join with a slip st to form a ring. Rnd
1: Ch 3, 19 tr c in ring (each tr c to measure 1¼″). Join with a slip st
to top of ch 3. Rnd 2: Ch 1, working backwards (counter clockwise), * sc
in next st; repeat from * around. Fasten off. Sew an E daisy in center
of one shell and a D daisy in the other shell.

    [Illustration: Plan for wall hanging]

  B PETAL BACKGROUND WITH E TYPE DAISY
  LARGE CLUSTER
  INSIDE CLUSTER
  D TYPE DAISY
  D TYPE DAISY
  D TYPE DAISY
  D TYPE DAISY
  D TYPE DAISY
  B PETAL BACKGROUND WITH D TYPE DAISY
  B PETAL BACKGROUND WITH E TYPE DAISY
  C SHELL WITH E TYPE DAISY
  C SHELL WITH D TYPE DAISY
  B PETAL BACKGROUND WITH E TYPE DAISY
  B PETAL BACKGROUND WITH D TYPE DAISY
  9″ STEM
  12″ STEM
  16″ STEM
  5″ STEM
  3″ CHAIN
  3″ CHAIN
  6″ STEM
  3″ STEM

LARGE CLUSTER: First Daisy: With C, sc in a B petal of a D type daisy
(go through both B petals). Work only in B petals and leave A petals
free, * ch 2, sc in next B petal; repeat from * around, end ch 2, sl st
in first sc. Fasten off. Second Daisy: With C, sc in a B petal of a D
type daisy. Work only in B petals and leave A petals free. * (ch 2, sc
in next B petal) 3 times, place daisy back to back with previous daisy
worked, (ch 2, sl st under ch-2 space of first daisy, ch 2, sc in next B
petal on second daisy) 3 times, ** ch 2, sc in next B petal; repeat from
** around, end ch 2, join with a sl st in first sc. Fasten off. Connect
4 more type D daisies to first 2 daisies in this manner. Join the 7th D
type daisy to the first to form a circle as follows: With C, sc in B
petal, (ch 2, sc in next B petal) 3 times, (ch 2, sl st in ch-2 space of
6th daisy, ch 2, sc in next B petal of 7th daisy) 3 times, (ch 2, sc in
next B petal) 3 times, (ch 2, sl st in ch-2 space of first daisy, ch 2,
sc in next B petal) twice, ch 2, sl st in ch-2 space of first daisy, ch
2, join with a sl st in first sc of 7th daisy. Fasten off. Stretch
outside edge to form a flat circle. Rnd 1: Attach C to back center of
first daisy (go through sewing sts) and work a sc, * ch 6, sc in between
2 daisies in the back of the top st, ch 6, sc in back center of next
daisy; repeat from * around, end ch 6, join with a sl st. Fasten off.
Rnd 2: With C, work a sc, 6 dc (all dc 1″ high) and a sc all in space
under ch-6, * work a sc, 6 dc and a sc all in space under next ch-6;
repeat from * around. Join with a sl st and fasten off.

INSIDE CLUSTER: Rnd 1: With C, sc in a B petal of a type D daisy. Work
in B petals only, leaving A petals free, * sc in next B petal (work sc
loosely); repeat from * around. Rnd 2: * Sc, 2 dc and a sc all in next
sc (shell); repeat from * around until there are 11 shells around. Join
with a sl st and fasten off.

STEMS: Stems are worked with C. Chain a little longer than length needed
to allow for drawing in. Row 1: Dc in 4th ch from hook, * dc in next ch;
repeat from * across. Fasten off. Make the following sizes: 16″, 12″,
9″, 5″, 6″, 3″. With 3 strands of C, work a chain of 5″ and a chain of
3″.

FINISHING: See chart for arrangement or show off your artistic talent
and arrange daisies to create a picture that will be an original. Pin
pieces to fabric first and then with needle and thread sew to fabric.
Attach to frame and attach picture wire to back.




                    Crocheted Afghan with Daisy Trim


                                                        Shown on page 16

SIZE: Approx. 55″ x 64″.

MATERIALS: HERO Crazy Daisy Winder. 4 Ply Knitting Worsted, 4 oz. skein,
16 Beige (A), 3 Loden Green (B), 2 Orange (C) and 1 Maize (D). HERO No.
Q crochet hook and No. K aluminum crochet hook. Yarn darning needle.

GAUGE: Each square approx. 9″ x 9″.

TO MAKE DAISIES: Follow directions for making daisies on page 3. Make 42
daisies with C, winding 4 times around each spoke and sewing centers
with B. Make 30 daisies, winding twice with D around each spoke; then
twice with C around each spoke (4 winds in all around each spoke), and
sewing centers with B.

CROCHETED SQUARE: With 3 strands A and No. Q hook, ch 3, join with a sl
st to form a ring. Rnd 1: Ch 3, 11 dc in ring. Join with a sl st to top
of starting ch 3. Ch 1 and turn. Rnd 2: On this rnd pick up the 2 loops
of each st. Sc back in same st as ch 1 (half corner), * 1 sc in each of
2 sts, 3 sc in next st (corner); repeat from * around, end 1 sc in each
of 2 sts, sc in same st as starting sc, join with a sl st to complete
4th corner. Ch 1 to turn. Rnd 3: Sc back in same st as ch 1 (half
corner), * 1 sc in back loop of next 4 sts, 3 sc in back loop of next st
(corner); repeat from *, end 1 sc in back loop of 4 sc, sc in same st as
starting sc, join with a sl st to complete 4th corner. Ch 1 to turn. Rnd
4: On this rnd pick up both loops of each st. Sc back in same st as ch 1
(half corner), * 1 sc in each of 6 sc, 3 sc in next st (corner); repeat
from *, end 1 sc in each of 6 sc, sc in same st as starting sc, join
with a sl st to complete 4th corner. Ch 1 to turn. Rnd 5: Sc back in
same st as ch 1 (half corner), 1 sc in back loop of next 8 sc, 3 sc in
back loop of next st (corner); repeat from *, end 1 sc in back loop of 8
sc, sc in same st as starting sc, join with a sl st to complete 4th
corner. Ch 1 to turn. Rnd 6: On this rnd pick up both loops of each st.
Sc in same st as ch 1 (half corner), * 1 sc in next 10 sts, 3 sc in next
st (corner); repeat from *, end 1 sc in next 10 sc, sc in same st as
starting sc, join with a sl st to complete 4th corner. Pull through 3
strands of B and fasten off A securely. Ch 1 and turn. Rnd 7: On this
rnd pick up both loops of each st. Sc in same st as ch 1 (half corner),
* 1 sc in next 12 sc, 3 sc in next sc (corner); repeat from *, end 1 sc
in next 12 sc, sc in same st as starting sc, join with a sl st to
complete 4th corner. Fasten off. Crochet 42 squares in this manner.

FINISHING: Fluff C daisies so that they resemble a pom-pon and sew one
to center of each square. Weave squares tog with B and yarn darning
needle, picking up back loop of st. Sew 6 squares across in width and 7
rows for length. Sew 5 Orange-Maize combination daisies across each row
at the joinings of squares as shown. OUTER TRIM: With No. K hook and 3
strands C, work 1 rnd of sc around all sides of afghan, working 3 sc in
each corner st (make sure work lies flat). Fasten off C and attach 3
strands of B. LAST RND: With No. K hook and working backwards (counter
clockwise), work a sc in each st, working 3 sc in each corner st. Fasten
off.




                      King Size Crazy Daisy Stole


                                         Shown on page 22 and back cover

MATERIALS: HERO King Size Crazy Daisy Winder. 4 Ply Knitting Worsted, 4
oz. skein, 5 Beige (A) and 1 Green (B). HERO No. E aluminum crochet
hook. Tapestry needle.

TO MAKE DAISIES: Make 48 daisies winding yarn 4 times around each spoke.
Use color A for petals and B for sewing center. Make 80 daisies winding
yarn 3 times around each spoke. Use A for petals and B for centers. See
page 3 for directions for making daisies.

TO CONNECT DAISIES: BORDERS: Work on those daisies where loops were
wound 4 times around spokes. Rnd 1: Attach B and work a sc in the 2
lower loops of a petal leaving the 2 upper loops of same petal free, *
ch 4, sc in next petal picking up the 2 lower loops and leaving the 2
upper loops of same petal free; repeat from * around, end ch 4, join
with a sl st to first sc. Fasten off securely. Work rnd 1 on the 48
daisies for borders in this manner. Connect 3 rows with 8 daisies across
with A. Follow directions for JOINING B, starting with rnd 2 for each
block (rnd 1 has been worked already with the B) (see page 4 for
directions for JOINING B.) Connect another piece in the same manner for
other border.

BODY OF STOLE: Connect 10 rows of 8 daisies across with A. Follow
directions for JOINING B, starting with rnd 1 for each block (see page 4
for directions for JOINING B).

FINISHING: Connect the 3 rows for border to each side of body of stole
with A in the same manner as the rest of the stole was connected. Block
lightly. TRIM: Rnd 1: With A, starting in a corner and right side
facing, sc in first sp, * ch 4, sc in next sp; repeat from * to corner;
then in corner, ch 4, sc back in same corner; repeat from * around,
ending ch 4, sc in first corner, ch 4, join with a sl st to first sc.
Rnd 2: Working backwards (counter-clockwise), * ch 2, hdc in next sp;
repeat from * around, placing 2 patterns in each corner. Fasten off.




                             CARRIAGE ROBE


                                                Shown here and on page 7

    [Illustration: Carriage robe]

MATERIALS: HERO King Size Crazy Daisy Winder. 4 Ply Knitting Worsted, 4
oz. Skeins, 5 Mint Green (A) and 1 White (B). HERO No. E aluminum
crochet hook. Yarn darning needle. 4 yds ½″ satin ribbon for trim.

TO MAKE DAISIES: Follow directions for making daisies on page 3. Wind
color A around each spoke twice and sew centers with B. Make 36 daisies.

TRIM DAISY: Outside Trim: With B, sc in sp of petal (go through both
loops of petal), * ch 3, yo and pull up a loop in first ch, yo pull
through 2 loops (2 loops remain on hook), yo pick up a loop back in
first ch (4 loops on hook), yo pull through all 4 loops on hook
(cluster), sc in sp of next petal; repeat from * around, ending with a
cluster, join with a sl st to first sc. Fasten off securely. 12 clusters
around.

Inside Trim: With B, sc in side of petal near center (go through both
loops), * work a cluster as for outside trim, skip 1 petal, sc in side
of next petal; repeat from * around, end with a cluster and join with a
sl st to first sc. 6 clusters around. Fasten off. Attach A, sc in back
of sc of an outside B cluster, * ch 4, sc in back of next sc of a B
cluster; repeat from * around, end ch 4, join with a sl st. Fasten off.
12 spaces around.

FIRST BLOCK: Attach A, sc in ch-4 sp, * (ch 4, sc in next ch-4 sp) 3
times, ch 5, sl st back in sc to form a picot; repeat from * around, end
(ch 4, sc in next ch-4 sp) twice, ch 4, join with a sl st to first sc,
ch 5, sl st back in sc to complete 4th picot. Fasten off.

SECOND BLOCK: Attach A, sc in ch-4 sp, (ch 4, sc in next sp) 3 times,
place back to back with first block, ch 2, sl st in sp of picot on first
block, ch 2, sl st back in sc to complete picot joining on 2nd block,
(ch 3, sl st in sp of first block, ch 3, sc in next sp on 2nd block) 3
times, ch 2, sl st in sp of picot on first block, ch 2, sl st in sc on
2nd block to complete picot joining, (ch 4, sc in next sp on 2nd block)
3 times, ch 5, sl st in sc to complete picot, (ch 4, sc in next sp)
twice, ch 4, join with a sl st to first sc, ch 5, 31 st in sc for 4th
picot. Fasten off.

THIRD BLOCK: This block is joined to another side of first block. Attach
A, sc in ch-4 sp, (ch 4, sc in next sp) 3 times, place back to back to
first block, ch 2, sl st in picot of first block, ch 2, sl st back in sc
on 3rd block for picot joining, (ch 3, sl st in next sp on first block,
ch 3, sc in next sp on 3rd block) 3 times, ch 2, sl st in center of
picot joining, ch 2, sl st back in sc on 3rd block for picot joining,
(ch 4, sc in next sp on 3rd block) 3 times, ch 5, sl st back in sc for
picot, (ch 4, sc in next sp) twice, ch 4, join with a sl st to first sc,
ch 5, sl st back in sc to complete 4th picot. Fasten off.

FOURTH BLOCK: This block is joined to one side each of 2nd and 3rd
blocks. Attach A, sc in ch-4 sp, (ch 4, sc in next sp) 3 times, place
back to back to 3rd block, ch 2, sl st in picot of 3rd block, ch 2, sl
st back in sc on 4th block for picot joining, (ch 3, sl st in next sp on
3rd block, ch 3, sc in next sp on 4th block) 3 times, ch 2, sl st in
center of 3 joined picots, ch 2, sl st back in sc on 4th block to
complete 4th picot joining, (ch 3, sl st in next sp on 2nd block, ch 3,
sc in next sp on 4th block) 3 times, ch 2, sl st in picot on 2nd block,
ch 2, sl st in sc on 4th block to complete picot joining, (ch 4, sc in
next sp on 4th block) twice, ch 4, join with a sl st to first sc, ch 5,
sl st back in sc to complete picot. Fasten off. Connect 6 rows of 6
blocks across for center piece.

Rnd 1: Attach A at a corner and work ch 3, 2 dc in corner sp (half
corner), # * ch 1, 3 dc in next sp (1 pattern); repeat from * across to
next corner (18 patterns) (see that work lies flat), in next corner sp
work ch 1, 3 dc, ch 1, 3 dc all in the one sp #; repeat between #’s
around, ending with 18 patterns on the 4th side, ch 1, 3 dc in starting
corner, ch 1 and join with a sl st to top of starting ch.

Rnd 2: Ch 3, 2 dc in corner sp (half corner), # * ch 1, 3 dc in next sp;
repeat from * to corner, ch 1, 3 dc, ch 1, 3 dc in corner sp #; repeat
between #’s around, ending with ch 1, 3 dc in first corner, ch 1, join
with a sl st to top of starting ch. Repeat rnd 2 for 12 times more or
until desired size.

Last rnd: Working backwards (counter clockwise) sc in each st around,
working 2 sc in each corner (see that work lies flat). Fasten off.

FINISHING: Weave ribbon in and out around last eyelet row as shown. Sew
ends of ribbon tog.




                               Tablecloth


                                                        Shown on page 21

SIZE: Approximately 52″ x 52″

MATERIALS: HERO King Size Crazy Daisy Winder. Coats & Clarks O.N.T.
“Speed-Cro-Sheen”, 100 yd ball, 16 Yellow (A) and 6 Hunter Green (B).
HERO No. C aluminum crochet hook. Tapestry needle.

TO MAKE DAISY: With left thumb hold yarn at center allowing end to
extend 1″. With right hand pass yarn from left to right around spokes
No. 1 and No. 2, across center from right to left around No. 7 and No.
8; repeat the last wind twice more (3 times in all); across center and
pass yarn from left to right around spokes No. 2 and 3, across center
from right to left around No. 8 and 9; repeat last wind twice more;
across center from left to right around spokes No. 3 and No. 4, across
center from right to left around No. 9 and No. 10; repeat last wind
twice more; across center and pass yarn from left to right around spokes
No. 4 and No. 5, across center from right to left around No. 10 and No.
11; repeat last wind twice more, across center from left to right around
spokes No. 5 and No. 6, across center from right to left around No. 11
and No. 12; repeat last wind twice more, across center from left to
right around spokes No. 6 and No. 7, across center from right to left
around No. 12 and No. 1; repeat last wind twice more. Bring yarn to 1″
beyond center and cut. Do not remove from winder.

CENTER: Thread tapestry needle and use double strand for sewing center.
Follow directions on page 3 for center, going completely around 3 times
in all. Fasten off securely. Make 200 daisies with A and sew centers
with B. Make 25 daisies with B and sew centers with A.

CONNECT DAISIES: Follow directions for JOINING A (see page 3). Connect 5
rows of A daisies 15 across with A. Next row, connect 5 A daisies with
A; then 5 daisies made with B for center and using B to connect them;
then 5 A daisies connected with A. Repeat the last row 4 times more.
Work 5 rows of A daisies connected with A.

FINISHING: Block lightly.

    [Illustration: Pattern]

  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A
  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A
  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A
  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A
  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A
  A  A  A  A  A  B  B  B  B  B  A  A  A  A  A
  A  A  A  A  A  B  B  B  B  B  A  A  A  A  A
  A  A  A  A  A  B  B  B  B  B  A  A  A  A  A
  A  A  A  A  A  B  B  B  B  B  A  A  A  A  A
  A  A  A  A  A  B  B  B  B  B  A  A  A  A  A
  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A
  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A
  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A
  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A
  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A  A




                            Daisy Trim Apron


                                                        Shown on page 21

MATERIALS: HERO Crazy Daisy Winder. Coats & Clark’s O.N.T.
“Speed-Cro-Sheen”, 100 yd ball, 5 spools Yellow (A) and 1 spool Hunter
Green (B). HERO No. C aluminum crochet hook and a tapestry needle.

With A, ch 134 loosely. Row 1: Pick up a loop in 3rd ch from hook and
retain on hook, skip 1 ch, pick up a loop in next ch (3 loops on hook),
yo pull through 3 loops, ch 1, * pick up a loop in last ch worked in and
retain on hook, skip 1 ch, pick up a loop in next ch (3 loops on hook),
yo pull through 3 loops, ch 1 (1 pattern); repeat from * across, 66
patterns. One extra ch on turn. Row 2: Pick up a loop in first ch and
retain on hook, pick up a loop in next st (3 loops on hook), yo pull
through 3 loops, ch 1, * pick up a loop in last st worked in and retain
on hook, skip 1 st, pull up a loop in next st (3 loops on hook), yo pull
through 3 loops on hook, ch 1; repeat from * across. One extra ch on
turn. Repeat row 2 for pattern st (should measure 21″ across in width).
Work even for 1½″ for lower border. Next row: Work 5 patterns for side
border as established, * ch 1, skip 1 st, dc in next st; repeat from *
to within last 5 patterns, work 5 patterns for side border as
established. Next row: Work 5 patterns for border as established, * ch
1, dc in next space; repeat from * across to last 5 patterns, work 5
patterns for border as established. Work last row until 12½″ from beg.
Next row: Work 5 patterns for border as established, * dc in next space;
repeat from * to within last 5 patterns, work 5 patterns for border as
established. Work pattern st on all sts as for lower border for 1½″.
Fasten off.

TIES: Make 2. With A, ch 14 loosely. Work even in pattern st as for
lower border for 12½″. Fasten off.

POCKETS: Make 2. Make 18 daisies following directions on page 3, winding
petals with color B and sewing centers with color A. JOIN DAISIES:
Follow instructions for JOINING A (see page 3), using color B for
joining. Join 3 rows of daisies with 3 daisies across. Attach B at one
corner and working backwards (counter clockwise), * ch 1, hdc in next
space; repeat from * around all sides, going twice in each corner st.
Fasten off. Block pieces lightly. Sew a pocket to each side as shown.
Sew on ties.

    [Illustration: Tablecloth]




                             MARDI GRAS BAG


                                            Shown here and on back cover

    [Illustration: Handbags and snood]

MATERIALS: HERO King Size Crazy Daisy Winder. Spinnerin Mardi Gras, 45
gram ball, 3 Brown and 1 White. HERO No. C aluminum crochet hook and
tapestry needle. HERO 7″ Bag Handle. Lining and buckram.

TO MAKE DAISIES: Make 28 daisies following instructions on page 3. Wind
first row of petals with white and second row with brown. Sew centers
with brown. Connect 6 rows of 4 daisies across with brown, following
instructions for JOINING A on page 3. Connect 1 row of 2 daisies to the
center 2 daisies on each end row.

SIDE PIECES: Make 2. With C crochet hook and brown, ch 6. Row 1: Sc in
2nd ch from hook, 1 sc in each ch, 5 sc. Ch 1 to turn. Row 2: Sc in each
st, picking up back loop only. Ch 1 to turn. Repeat row 2 for 5 times
more. Continue in sc picking up back loop and increasing 1 st at each
end of every row until 29 sts on row (to inc—work 2 sc in one st). Work
even for 7 rows. Next row: Dec 1 st each end of row (to dec—work off 2
sc as one sc). Repeat the last row once more. Fasten off.

FINISHING: Starting at top corner, with brown, work 1 row of sc along
side and bottom edges. With brown, work 4 rows of sc along each top
edge. Using pieces as pattern, cut 2 linings and buckram making an
allowance for seams. Use a double buckram for flat bottom to make it
stiffer. With brown, sc side pieces to bag. Sew linings tog with buckram
in between and double buckram for bottom. Sew in lining. With lining
material sew a slot to each top edge and sew over bar of handle on each
side.




                              DAISY SNOOD


                                            Shown here and on back cover

MATERIALS: HERO Crazy Daisy Winder. Sport Yarn, 2 oz. pull skein, 2 Red
and 1 White. HERO No. 0 steel crochet hook. 1 yd of tubular elastic.

TO MAKE DAISIES: Make 25 white daisies following directions on page 3.
Wind white yarn twice around each spoke and sew centers with red.

SNOOD: Ch 85 loosely. Row 1: Dc in 4th ch from hook, * ch 1, skip 1 ch,
1 dc in each of next 2 chs (1 pattern); repeat from * across, 28
patterns. Ch 6 to turn. Should measure about 14″ across in width. Row 2:
* Skip 2 dc, dc in space under ch 1 of previous row, ch 2; repeat from *
across, end dc in end turning ch, 28 spaces. Ch 4 to turn. Row 3: Ch 4
on turn is counted as first dc, dc in first space, * ch 1, 2 dc in next
space; repeat from * across. Ch 6 to turn. Repeat row 2 and 3 for 14″,
ending with row 3. Fasten off.

FINISHING: Work 4 rnds of sc around all 4 edges of piece taking it in to
fit head size. Work 1 rnd of sc over tubular elastic. Tie ends of
elastic and fasten off. Sew on daisies as shown, placing 12 around sc
band and spacing the others all over as shown.




                          CRAZY DAISY HANDBAG


                                            Shown here and on back cover

MATERIALS: HERO Crazy Daisy Winder. HERO Smart-Set Interchangeable Bag
Handle. 4 Ply Knitting Worsted, 2 oz. skein, 1 Royal Blue, 1 Turquoise
and 1 Olive Green. HERO No. F aluminum crochet hook and a yarn darning
needle. Two pieces lt. blue felt, 7½″ × 11-¼″ each. Two pieces dk. blue
Indian-Head for lining 7⅛″ × 11⅛″. Press-on non woven interfacing.

TO MAKE DAISIES: Follow general directions for winding daisies on page
3. TO SEW CENTERS: Insert darning needle under 2 petals and draw yarn
through tightly, * bring yarn back over the last one of the 2 petals,
insert yarn under this petal and next petal and draw through tightly;
repeat from * until you have completed 3 rnds of sts around center. Make
20 daisies in Royal blue with Turquoise centers. These daisies are shown
with the back st center as the right side. Make 20 daisies in Turquoise
with Royal Blue centers, however on the Turquoise daisies the side
facing you as you sew the center will be used as the right side so be
sure to work all ends in neatly.

TO MAKE CIRCLE: With Olive Green, sc in end of petal (go through the 2
loops of petal), * ch 2, sc in next petal; repeat from * around, ending
ch 2, join with a sl st to first sc. Fasten off.

TO ASSEMBLE: Alternating the color of daisy, with Olive Green join each
daisy at one st with a sc (center it at the 6th and 12th petal) until 10
daisies are joined. Make 1 more strip of 10 in the same color
arrangement and 2 more strips of 10 in the alternate color arrangement.
Join the 4 strips tog in the same manner, making sure to alternate color
of daisy. From wrong side, fold in half and join side daisies leaving
the upper 2 rows free to be tacked to lining at opening. With wrong side
facing, sew Indian-Head tog with ¼″ seams, rounding corners at bottom
and leaving 3½″ open at each side. Assemble felt in the same manner,
leaving 4¼″ open at top. Cut press-on material to fit and press on to
felt. Fold felt 1″ at top edge to wrong side and machine st in place.
With wrong sides facing, slip Indian-Head into felt and blind st in
place (lining slightly smaller than felt). Pull daisies over felt and
tack at top of side seams and top of bag. Slip bars of handle through
top bands and fasten ends.




                          CRAZY DAISY CARDIGAN


                                         Shown on page 22 and back cover

SIZES: Directions are for Small (size 8-10). Changes for Medium (size
12-14) and Large (size 16-18) are in parentheses.

MATERIALS: HERO Crazy Daisy Winder. Wool and Shetland Wool, 2 oz. skein,
7 (8-9) Grey (A) and 2 (2-3) Ecru (B). HERO No. 5 straight knitting
needles and No. 6 circular knitting needle. No. 1 steel crochet hook.
Tapestry needle. 9 small button molds.

GAUGE: 4 connected daisies—7½″.

TO MAKE DAISIES: Turn knob to release spokes. With left thumb hold A at
center leaving end to extend at center for about 1″. With right hand,
pass yarn from left to right around spoke No. 1 at top, across center,
from right to left around spoke No. 2 directly opposite; wrap around
these spokes once more in the same manner. Bring yarn across center from
left to right around spoke No. 5 at right of first spoke wrapped, across
center from right to left around spoke No. 6 at left of 2nd spoke
wrapped, wrap around these 2 spokes once more. Bring yarn across center
from left to right around spoke No. 9, across center and from right to
left around spoke No. 10, wrap around these 2 spokes once more. Bring
yarn across center and cut about 1″ beyond center (you have been winding
around every other spoke). Continue with B in this manner wrapping twice
around 2 spokes exactly opposite then passing on to the next 2 free
spokes until all spokes are wrapped twice, ending with spoke No. 12—thus
wrapping with B the spokes that were skipped when you were winding with
A. Bring yarn across center and cut about 1″ beyond center.

    [Illustration: TO MAKE CENTER: See instructions to make centers on
    page 3. Use color A for centers. Make 174 (186-214) daisies in this
    manner.]

TO CONNECT DAISIES: Follow directions given for Joining A on page 3
using A yarn. Join daisies until there are 5 rows of 18 (20-23) daisies
for body of cardigan—2 fronts and back. Next row: Join 4 (5-6) daisies
for front, skip 1 daisy for underarm, join 8 (8-9) daisies for back,
skip 1 daisy for underarm, join 4 (5-6) daisies for other front.

SLEEVES: Join 4 rows of 7 (7-8) daisies. Lower Cuff: With No. 6 needle
and right side facing, with A pick up and k 55 (57-59) sts across lower
edge of sleeve. Row 1: K 1, * p 1, k 1; repeat from * across. Row 2: P
1, * k 1, p 1; repeat from * across. Repeat these 2 rows for ribbing for
2″. Bind off loosely in ribbing. Join seam of sleeve the same as joining
daisies. Join another row of 6 (6-7) daisies across top of sleeve,
leaving 1 daisy free for underarm. Note: Circular needle is used as two
straight knitting needles.

YOKE: Join last row of top edge of sleeve to top edges of last row of
fronts and back. With circular needle, A and right side facing, pick up
and k 41 (46-51) sts on right front; 58 (58-63) sts along top of sleeve;
85 (85-90) sts across top of back; 58 (58-63) sts across top of sleeve
and 41 (46-51) sts across top of left front, 283 (293-318) sts. Row 1:
Wrong side. * P 3, k 2; repeat from *, end p 3. Row 2: * K 3, p 2;
repeat from *, end k 3. Repeat these 2 rows for 1½″ (2″-2½″), ending
with row 1. Dec Row: * K 1, k 2 tog, p 2; repeat from *, end k 1, k 2
tog. Continue in pattern as established for 1½″, ending on wrong side.
2nd Dec Row: K 2, p 2 tog; repeat from *, end k 2. Continue in pattern
as established for 1″, ending on wrong side. 3rd Dec Row: K 2 tog, p 1;
repeat from *, ending k 2 tog. Change to No. 5 needles and continue in
ribbing for 1″. Bind off in ribbing.

LOWER BORDER: With No. 6 needle, A and right side facing, pick up and k
163 (175-187) sts along lower edge. Work in ribbing as for cuff of
sleeve for 4″. Bind off in ribbing.

FINISHING: Block lightly. With A, work 1″ of sc along left front edge,
working a ch 1 to turn all rows. Last Row: Work backwards (counter
clockwise), sc in each sc along front edge. Fasten off. Mark position of
9 buttons evenly spaced, placing first 1″ from lower edge and last ½″
below neck edge. Work right front border as for left front for ¾″.
Buttonhole Row: Opposite each marker for button, ch 3, skip 2 sts, sc in
next st. Next row: Work 2 sc under each ch-3 space. Complete as for left
front. Work 1 row of sc around neck, holding in slightly. Work 1 more
row around neck as for last row on left front edge. Fasten off.

CROCHETED BUTTONS: Make 9. With B, ch 3 and join with a sl st to form a
ring. Rnd 1: 6 sc in ring. Rnd 2: 2 sc in each sc. Rnd 3: 1 sc in each
sc. Rnd 4: Insert mold. * skip 1 sc, sc in next sc; repeat from * around
until mold is covered. Fasten off. Join underarms and sleeves to back
and front.

    [Illustration: Back cover: “Crazy Daisy” Boutique]




                          Transcriber’s Notes


—Silently corrected a few typos.

—Retained publication information from the printed edition: this eBook
  is public-domain in the country of publication.

—In the text versions only, text in italics is delimited by
  _underscores_.







End of Project Gutenberg's "Crazy Daisy" Boutique, Vol. No. 5, by Anonymous

*** END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK "CRAZY DAISY" BOUTIQUE, VOL. NO. 5 ***

***** This file should be named 62264-0.txt or 62264-0.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.org/6/2/2/6/62264/

Produced by Stephen Hutcheson and the Online Distributed
Proofreading Team at https://www.pgdp.net

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you receive
specific permission. If you do not charge anything for copies of this
eBook, complying with the rules is very easy. You may use this eBook
for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports,
performances and research. They may be modified and printed and given
away--you may do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks
not protected by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the
trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country outside the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you'll have to check the laws of the country where you
  are located before using this ebook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and The
Project Gutenberg Trademark LLC, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark. Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org



Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is in Fairbanks, Alaska, with the
mailing address: PO Box 750175, Fairbanks, AK 99775, but its
volunteers and employees are scattered throughout numerous
locations. Its business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt
Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up to
date contact information can be found at the Foundation's web site and
official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

For additional contact information:

    Dr. Gregory B. Newby
    Chief Executive and Director
    gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

